=Installation & Usage=

To install, place the folder 'Scienta' in your library path, next to the Zend
folder. Then add the following lines to your bootstrap file:

{{{
    $options = array('database_adapter' =>  $dbAdapter);
    $scBar = new Scienta_Controller_Plugin_Debug($options);
    $frontController = Zend_Controller_Front::getInstance();
    $frontController->registerPlugin($scBar);
}}}

The constructor parameter is optional and allows for disabling specific
panels, e.g. if no database adapter is presented, the query section and panel
will not be shown. The $options parameter can be either an array or an instance of `Zend_Config` with the following keys (defaults in paranthesis)

  * `database_adapter`: an instance of `Zend_Db_Adapter_Abstract` or an array of adapters. If not set no database profiling will be shown. (NULL)
  * `memory_usage`: Set to true to display memory peak usage. (TRUE)
  * `collect_view_vars`: Displays variables tab with `$_COOKIE`, `$_POST` if relevant and view variables. (TRUE)
  * `sort_view_vars`: Sort the variables alphabetically. (TRUE)
  * `show_exceptions`: Wether to display thrown exceptions. (TRUE)
  * `handle_errors`: This will install a custom errorhandler and display any errors in a panel (FALSE)
  * `jquery_path`: Specify a custom path to the jQuery script. Will only be included if not already part of the page. (http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js)

As of version 1.4 it is possible to set custom timers:
{{{
    // Get the frontcontroller and the debug bar
    $frontController = Zend_Controller_Front::getInstance();
    $scBar = $frontController->getPlugin('Scienta_Controller_Plugin_Debug');
    
    // Set a custom timer
    $scBar->mark('Query 1');
    ...
    $scBar->mark('Query 1');
}}}
If `mark()` is called only once, the time since `$_SERVER['REQUEST_TIME']` will be shown. If invoked twice with the same name, the time between the two calls will be shown.